First and foremost set the tone that I'm
always happy to collaborate and assist.
But ultimately let my people tackle
the problems in their own unique way.
Everyone has their
strengths and weaknesses.
So I'd like for them to bring their
strengths to solving without being
bogged down or watched like a hawk.
The counter balance has to be mindful
of the timeline and scope, but that can
be negotiated both directions: downwards
to the team and upwards to leadership.
With my experience in consulting,
I'm pretty good at quickly
diagnosing issues and realizing the
direction my team is attempting.
So I can jump in periodically to uncover
holes as they shape and hone their ideas.
Intellectually, I find myself more
interested in overall system and process
than plucking granular, tiny weeds.
So I tend to be a good leader to
reach out for exploratory big ideas.